Previously on "Emergence"...
Is she a human body
with a synthetic AI?
Synthetic everything.
I got something
called cancer.
These are
making me better.
No, they're not.
Emily was, uh,
packing this,
and it looked important,
so I nicked it.
Wanna see
what's inside?
Ow!
I think I know someone
who can crack this.
April: I don't mess around
with that stuff anymore.
Too much risk.
The hard drive --
that was my insurance policy.
Okay.
That is the only thing
keeping me alive.
I recently lost
some specialized technology,
which could be
dangerous to you.
Jo: Let me take you somewhere.
I can keep you safe.
Don't open up
for anyone but me.
If a job feels wrong,
you walk away.
You should do the same.
[ Gunshots ]
[ Glass shatters,
tires squeal ]
[ Car horn blaring ]
[ Inhales sharply ]
[ Blaring slows ]
♪♪
Man:
Hey! Are you guys okay?
♪♪
Oh, God.
I'm calling 911.
[ Tires squeal ]
♪♪
[ Steam hissing ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
Hey, man, they're sending
an ambulance.
Where you going?
Just wait till
the cops come!
Oh, my God.
[ Sirens wailing in distance ]
Jo:
Good dinner, Dad.
Ed: Thank you.
Can I wash this time?
I will always say yes
to that.
Here ya go.
Cleaning things
is very satisfying.
Everything
you're saying right now
is really working
for me.
Mia, are you
paying attention?
I am not.
[ Chuckles ]
Ed: Guess what?
Hmm?
Jerry T. says that
there's an opening
at Hardware Heaven.
Got me an interview
tomorrow.
A job? You?
One or two days a week.
That's all.
Alex can watch Piper
tomorrow,
and, uh, I figure
between the three of us,
we can work out
any childcare situation.
Yeah.
Sure. I'm sure we can
work something out.
I think it's great
that Grandpa has such energy
at his age.
Oh, you little
wisenheimer.
[ Laughs ]
Okay, I have two more chapters
left in my book,
so I need everybody
to be quiet.
Oh, okay.
Dad, Mia needs us
to be quiet!
Oh, she needs us
to be quiet?!
Yes!
Oh, then we should
really be quiet, then!
[ Chuckles ]
Mia:
You guys are such jerks.
[ Chuckles ]
When can I
go to school?
Do you want
to go to school?
I wonder
if I ever went before?
♪♪
[ Water running,
glasses clinking ]
Well, you know,
the social worker said
we should wait
a little bit longer on that,
but I am
more than happy
to give you some homework
if you want.
Come here.
♪♪
"The Westing Game."
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, Mia loved it.
So...read it,
and then write me
a book report.
I'll start right away.
♪♪
[ Pounding on door ]
Stay here.
What's wrong?
[ Breathing heavily ]
Oh, my God! Oh, God!
Okay.
April...sh...
Dad!
Come here.
It's okay.
Alright.
Got to get you to a hospital.
Mia, get my kit.
Mia! Get my kit.
Easy, easy, easy.
Okay. Up.
[ Grunts ]
Okay.
[ Breathing heavily ]
It's alright.
No exit wound.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Girls, go upstairs. Now.
Both of you.
Is he okay?
Mia,
take Piper upstairs now!
Okay.
Jo: Who shot you?
Huh, Benny?
The bullet is still inside him.
He needs a doctor.
No -- No doctor.
I...
Shh. Stop. It's okay.
Benny, stay there.
It's -- New York...
[ Breathless ]
RDZ-9021.
Is that
a license plate?
New York, RDZ...
That's a license plate.
Okay, hold on.
Alright, Benny.
[ Breathing heavily ]
RDZ?
Come on, Benny.
RDZ...
Piper: [ In distance ]
RDZ-9021!
Thank you!
Also,
get away from the stairs!
Okay. RDZ.
I got it, okay?
♪♪
April...she's dead.
I know.
It's okay.
♪♪
I'm gonna go call Abby.
Yeah.
♪♪
Ugh.
I'm gonna kill you.
Why?
Boredom.
Hey, um, you should help me
with my sudoku.
Ugh.
Y-You're into math
and programming, right?
Very, very similar.
Really, really fun.
Maybe it'll be
a murder-suicide.
[ Knock on door ]
Who is it?
Frankie: Frankie.
[ Door opens ]
Shift change.
Hey, wait.
You're going?
Yeah, uh...but I can
leave this with you.
Uh, just make sure
that you start on medium hard
because expert level
is, like, pretty crazy.
Sudoku sucks.
You and me are gonna
have some real fun.
5,000-piece jigsaw puzzle.
Hand-cut in Vermont.
Custom-printed from a picture
I took of an iceberg in Alaska.
Take me with you.
As soon as Chief Evans
says the coast is clear.
But until then...
uh, you two have fun.
♪♪
You're lucky this bullet
didn't go deeper.
This could have
killed you.
♪♪
Okay.
The internal ones
will dissolve.
I want to see you again
in ten days, take these out.
Alright. Thanks.
Jo, you know
I am legally obligated
to report gunshot wounds
to the authorities.
Great news.
I am the authorities.
[ Sighs ]
Listen, we can't have
the NYPD investigating this,
and the last guy
we brought to the hospital
didn't make it.
Fine.
But I need to know
who the hell this guy is
and what the hell
is going on.
He's a reporter.
He's been helping me investigate
what happened with Piper.
You mean these -- these alleged
medical experiments?
Yeah,
something like that.
"Something like that"
is not an answer.
Abby, I know.
How did he end up shot?
Are you up for telling
both of us?
Yeah.
I-I literally just
saved your life.
[ Sighs ]
A-Alright.
My friend was helping
decrypt files
that might explain
Piper's...condition.
But she said
she wanted to stop,
that she was afraid.
So, my friend's dead,
and it's
because I involved her,
and now
I'm involving you,
and you seem like
a very nice person.
♪♪
[ Knocking on door in distance ]
[ Knocking continues ]
♪♪
[ Rustling ]
[ Door creaks ]
♪♪
Mia: Piper?
Hey,
what are you doing?
I...was reading in bed,
a-and then...
I don't remember.
I think that guy's
sleeping over.
I'm gonna go
spy on him later.
Ed:
Girls, I'm coming up!
You better be in your beds!
Okay, good night.
See you later.
♪♪
I'm awake.
How you feeling?
[ Inhales deeply ]
Well, um...
this might cheer you up
a little bit.
That plate
that you got...
It's a fleet car...
registered
to Augur Industries.
♪♪
We can directly link Kindred
to a crime.
We got him, Benny.
I don't think so.
Look, it's complicated,
but together with everything
we've got, a good prosecutor --
I can't.
I brought April
into this.
Right. And Richard Kindred
had her killed.
Kindred.
Not you.
Look at what
he's willing to do.
It's not worth it.
Walk away.
No.
Even if we stop,
he won't.
The only way this ends
is if we bring him down.
[ Police sirens wail ]
What is this?
Good morning,
Mr. Kindred.
Would you mind turning around,
please, facing me?
Thank you so much.
Put your hands behind your back.
You are under arrest
for burglary,
assaulting a police officer,
kidnapping, murder...
[ Sighs ]
You know what?
I have a whole list.
We'll go over it
in the car.
And I had gone so easy
on you.
♪♪
Watch your head.
[ Screams ]
[ Crash ]
[ Gun cocks ]
[ Breathes heavily ]
Eh...good morning.
What happened to you?
Oh, I, um...
He got shot.
Yes, well,
I don't know if we need to --
Does it hurt?
It stings a-a bit,
yeah.
Uh...I'm sorry, ladies.
We seemed to have skipped over
the proper introductions.
My name's Benny.
I'm Mia.
This is Piper.
Hi.
Hello.
You got blood
on the couch.
Oh, yeah. So I did.
Sorry.
It's very rude of me.
Alright, kids.
I'm sure handsome man
eats.
You can stare at him
over breakfast.
Come on.
Wash your hands.
[ Grunts ]
Thank you.
To be honest, I've had
easier police interrogations.
Well, I'm glad
we could help you.
[ Inhales sharply ]
Listen,
maybe next time,
you might want
to think twice about
showing up
at a house full of kids
when someone's
trying to kill you.
Jo: Is there any music you want
to listen to, Mr. Kindred?
It's a long drive
to Southold.
Oh, I-I got some really
sweet podcasts.
Oh,
I love a good podcast.
Yeah.
Oh, there's this new one
about ghosts.
Mm.
Great.
I don't know.
Maybe he wants to think
about his confession.
I mean, that would be the --
the smart thing to do, yeah?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
He's supposed to be smart,
right?
It just
really depends on
how long he wants
to drag it out for, I think.
How much longer
is this drive?
Well, let's see.
Maps says...
"the rest of your life,"
so --
That's not always accurate,
though.
I'm not asking
because I'm bored.
I'm not bored.
I'm thinking of you.
I want to make sure
you truly enjoy our ride,
savor every minute.
Because right now,
you're living in a world
where you've won.
The lowly police officer
proved she could
take down...me,
the big, powerful CEO,
and for the rest
of this drive,
you get to think
everyone in this car is equal.
But once we arrive,
you're gonna find
the real world was waiting
just outside this car
the entire time.
You think you know where
your power begins and mine ends,
and I'm sure
that's very comforting,
but it's a fantasy.
So, I'll say it again --
I'm thinking of you.
♪♪
So, ghosts, then?
Yeah, you got it.
Great.
♪♪
Are you from Australia?
N-- From Wales.
It's right next door
to England.
Are there whales
in Wales?
O-Occasionally, yeah.
Have you ever seen
a whale?
I don't think so.
Why did someone
shoot you?
Ed: Hey.
Less talking,
more eating.
How long are you
gonna stay with us?
I'm sure that Benny
wants to get home
as soon as
he possibly can.
Yeah, you know what?
That's, um --
That's absolutely right.
I, uh...
Thank you
for your hospitality,
but I really should
get going.
Smells like pancake o'clock
up...in...
Morning.
Dad, this is Benny.
He got shot.
He got what?
Yeah,
we're full service now.
He got blood
on the couch, too.
♪♪
Harry, you must have
a lead foot.
Helicopter.
This shouldn't be long.
Chief Evans,
I'm Harrison Silvera.
I'm Mr. Kindred's
attorney.
Hi, there.
I'm gonna book
your client,
if you want to go ahead
and wait in my office.
I think that's
where your D.A. is.
It seems
he's very anxious to chat.
♪♪
Brill: You should've
called me, Jo.
I didn't want to risk him
getting tipped off and fleeing.
My office
can be trusted.
It's not your office,
it's him.
Kindred has been directly
or indirectly involved
with impersonating
a federal agent,
kidnapping, um,
assaulting a police officer,
burglary,
two murders --
Tell him about the --
the bodies.
He ordered the destruction
of two bodies in the morgue
to hinder
our investigation.
What do you mean
destruction?
They were essentially...
melted into liquid.
Wait, what?
Is this a movie that you saw?
He has
unlimited resources
and access
to high-end technology.
Yeah, he -- he remotely
killed his own guy
via Bluetooth.
Okay,
I know how that sounds.
I feel like you don't.
Until today,
we had nothing tying him
or the company to any of it,
but now we do.
You mean the vehicle used
in yesterday's shooting?
Registered
to his company.
And reported stolen
a week ago.
Eh,
t-that's not possible.
I ran those plates myself
last night.
There was nothing
about it being stolen.
Marcus, this is them.
They changed
the records somehow.
Jo...
I need a warrant
to search his residences
and all Augur properties,
and I need you
to subpoena
for their employment
and their financial records.
You don't have anything.
What's all that, then?
It's a very weird,
interesting story.
♪♪
He was right.
He's gonna get away
with it.
Untrue.
[ Exhales sharply ]
But you gotta give me
something to work with.
You bring me
hard evidence,
I'm there for you,
night and day.
Call me when you do.
♪♪
[ Indistinct talking over P.A. ]
Ed.
Oh, hey, hey.
Hey. [ Chuckles ]
Your, uh --
Your patient's doing real well
this morning.
Real well.
So, have you had lunch?
Um...uh, yeah.
Yeah. I-I had lunch.
I just...
wanted to say hi.
Yeah.
So...it's back.
I'm sorry.
Well, what are you gonna do,
right?
I haven't told Jo
or anybody yet,
so...I'd appreciate it
if we just kept this
between you and me for now,
alright?
Of course.
Okay. Thanks.
You don't
have to do this alone.
Yeah. Right.
♪♪
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
♪♪
[ Exhales deeply ]
Life as you know it
is gonna change,
Chief Evans.
For you,
for everyone helping you.
Whole new world now.
♪♪
Call Frankie.
Pull Emily back here.
No, wait, don't call.
Go yourself.
Now.
♪♪
♪ Called me up to see
what's wrong ♪
♪ You know I always
do something wrong ♪
♪ But that was
someone else's song ♪
♪ Yeah, there must be
something else to do ♪
♪ There must be
[ Vehicle approaching ]
something else to do ♪
♪ There must be
Hey.
Officer?
Everything alright?
Do you, um, know
where I could get
cell service around here?
I've been walking
all over the place --
[chuckling] no signal.
Couple miles down the road,
either direction.
Thank you, Officer.
♪♪
♪ There must be
something else to do ♪
[ Engine starts ]
♪ There must be
something else to do ♪
Benny: That's him.
That's the guy
who killed April.
Damn it.
I should've stopped him.
How the hell
did he find Emily?
Uh...
I-I think I might know.
Um...she made
a-a modem.
Chris.
I don't even know how.
She used, like,
pipe cleaners.
[ Sighs ]
And I didn't think
it connected.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
Excuse me.
What was that for?
Nothing.
Benny,
don't do anything stupid.
Doesn't matter
what I do.
He'll be ten steps
ahead of us, anyway.
Get off that.
I'm bored.
Yeah, well, you almost
burned yourself
with your little modem trick
up there,
so maybe find
a new hobby.
Okay, r-real easy solution
to all of our problems.
Just give me
my drive back,
and I'll get out of
your life.
[ Sighs ]
Kindred killed the woman
who was decrypting it.
Drive's gone.
Then I'm dead.
Emily.
[ Sighs ]
Can you get
the files again?
What?
The --
The once-in-a-lifetime files
from Kindred's
personal server?
No.
I mean, I'm sure that
he's locked it down.
It's impenetrable now.
There's gotta be
another way.
You need
to accept reality.
We are boned.
I'm getting out of here.
What about stuff not
on his personal server?
What about the server
at the law firm
or accounting firm?
The financial planner?
Interesting.
Think you can get in?
I mean, yeah.
Probably.
But they're not
gonna have anything
on his AI division.
I just need an opening.
Evidence of a crime.
Can find a judge
to issue a subpoena,
I can get him.
♪♪
How's your broadband?
[ Rustling ]
[ Knocking on door in distance ]
♪♪
[ Knocking continues ]
Jo: Hi.
What's up?
You okay?
I-I was thinking
of something
and I came here,
I guess?
Okay.
Well, let me know
if it happens again.
Alright?
You want some pizza?
I do.
Oh, gosh.
I brought pizza!
Oh, okay. I'm out.
No, no.
Why don't --
Why don't you stay, Alex?
It's nice to have
everybody together.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, what do we got?
[ Chuckles ]
Did you want to tell
everybody something?
Uh...
what makes you think that?
Oh, yeah,
did you get that job?
Oh. Uh...well...
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Oh.
Work.
Don't tell anybody anything
till I get back.
[ Ringing stops ]
Hey.
Jo: I'm gonna eat,
and then I gotta go back
to work for a few hours.
Everything okay?
Not really, no.
So, what's the deal?
Are we gonna get
an employee discount
at Hardware Heaven
or what?
Oh, well, it turns out
I didn't go to that interview
after all.
Okay.
Alex: Uh...
I just got l-laid off.
Dad, why?
[ Sighs ]
The company got bought out.
What?
Someplace called
Augur Industries?
♪♪
I was the first
to go.
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Crickets chirping ]
Hey.
Thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
I thought you were
going back to work?
Oh, well, I called
and there's no progress,
so...I'm here.
Hmm.
I'm really sorry.
It's not your fault.
I mean, it is,
kind of.
[ Sighs ]
Augur Industries is owned by
a man named Richard Kindred.
He's wrapped up in
all this stuff with Piper.
I arrested him this morning,
but I had to cut him loose.
He's punishing me
by punishing you.
♪♪
Ohh...
Alex.
I...
♪♪
What's this guy think,
he can just mess with me
and you're gonna
stop investigating him?
I think that was his plan,
yeah.
Well, he's a moron.
Clearly, he doesn't know you,
and he doesn't know me.
♪♪
Jo, you nail this guy,
alright?
I will do that.
♪♪
[ Bottles clink ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Indistinct talking
in distance ]
♪♪
What will you do?
Gwen:
My dad's in Buffalo.
Being snowed in for three months
seems kinda nice.
I'm so sorry, Gwen.
I'll never forgive myself.
She did it
because she loved it.
She wouldn't blame you,
and neither do I.
I'm gonna find
the man who did this.
I'll make him pay.
She'd tell you
to drop it.
not to be dumb.
Ah, it's too late.
I've been tracking
her laptop.
I don't know why.
It's like for a minute,
I can fool myself into thinking
she's still out there
in the world.
How?
Independently powered
GPS chipset.
She puts one
on everything.
Then you have to tell
the police.
No way.
If I let the cops get
their hands on her laptop
and on everything
that's on it,
she'll haunt me forever.
But...
seems like
she trusted you.
[ Computer tablet beeping ]
Find him.
♪♪
Evans.
Benny: I found out
where he lives.
I'm waiting for him.
Who?
The guy who killed April.
Wait,
what are you doing?
I'm texting you the address
in case something goes wrong.
Benny,
don't do anything.
Please, just --
just stay p--
♪♪
Drink this.
How about you tell me
what it is first?
Alex gave it to me
when I was sick,
and Abby gave it to Benny
when he was sick.
She said it had
electric lights.
Huh.
Well,
that sounds pretty good.
Wow.
So, what makes you think
I'm sick?
Aren't you?
♪♪
How do you know
the things that you know?
It's like I can see it.
But not with my eyes.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
[ Chuckling ]
Yeah, it kinda does.
Wait a minute.
What are you saying?
You see things with your toes
or your belly button?
[ Chuckles ]
Huh?
Hey, you know what
would make me feel good?
Going out
and getting some ice cream.
Yes!
Yeah,
you want to do that?
Let's get Mia.
♪♪
[ Knock on glass ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Door opens ]
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Door closes ]
So, what's the plan here?
April's computer is somewhere
inside that building.
Sooner or later, he's gonna have
to show his face.
And then what?
You gonna kill the guy?
I'm not gonna kill anyone.
I don't even have a gun.
So, what? Are you gonna
beat the crap out of him?
You remember that you have
a hole in your shoulder?
He killed April.
I know.
But if we can arrest him
and get him to talk,
we can actually start to build
a case against Kindred.
Benny, we've got to be smart
about this.
I met Piper.
Yeah.
Before, I thought you must have
been crazy to be fooled,
but...
she's pretty incredible.
Yeah. She's okay.
[ Inhales,
exhales deeply ]
[ Seatbelt clicks ]
Benny. Benny.
Hey!
♪♪
[ Both grunting ]
[ Police siren wailing ]
[ Wailing stops ]
♪♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
You okay?
[ Breathing heavily ]
Uh-huh.
Come here.
Ohh.
What were you thinking?
Yeah,
I wasn't really thinking.
I just saw him
and then I saw red.
Yeah, well,
great outcome.
You didn't catch him.
He's in the wind
and we got nothing.
[ Breathes heavily ]
Not nothing.
♪♪
It's not a bad apartment
building for a hitman.
How many units?
Looks like a hundred.
Or more.
[ Exhales deeply ]
That's great.
Yes.
I think it's been
well established
that none of this
was well-planned.
Understood.
Thank you.
♪♪
Oh. Excuse me.
Excuse us.
Thank you.
♪♪
Keys?
Ah.
406.
Very good. Keys?
No.
Remember,
we're being smart now?
Marcus.
I got that hard evidence
you wanted.
[ Pounds on door ]
Police!
We've got a warrant!
Man: Clear?
Clear!
You can come in.
♪♪
Hey.
There's something
in the tub.
♪♪
Jo: Oof.
Benny: Acid.
He destroyed it.
♪♪
Benny: Jo...
Look at this.
The second one's
April's address.
That's where
we kept Emily.
I don't recognize
that one.
I do.
Alan Wilkis.
Co-founder
of Augur Industries
and, I suspect,
my anonymous source
when I first investigated
Kindred.
Why do you suspect that?
Well, the source went dark
the moment Wilkis died.
He's dead?
Why is a dead guy
on a hit list?
So, uh, the house
is in Westchester.
Wilkis's widow
still lives there,
and,
according to local PD,
there was a reported break-in
three days ago.
Benny: Wilkis was
notoriously secretive.
Much of his research
supposedly disappeared with him.
Jo: How long ago
did he die?
Four years.
Sailing accident.
Why are they
searching now?
Emily: I got in.
To what?
The lawyers.
Believe it or not,
their security
is even worse than yours.
Found something
on Kindred?
No. All that was removed
from the server.
But guess who had
the same lawyer?
Wilkis.
And I found his revised --
but never executed --
contract
with Augur Industries.
That's dated two days
before Wilkis died.
"...shall become
irrevocable...
upon his death, all shares
of Augur Industries stock
shall be given
to Maria Wilkis."
His widow.
But since the contract
was never signed,
the shares
go to Kindred.
He killed him.
Look into it.
[ "Baker Street" plays ]
♪♪
And Mr. Matthews said that
there's some people that think
that we're not even who we are,
that we're, like, puppets
being controlled
by something else.
And this is what they're
teaching you in school?
Yes.
In real school?
Yes!
Just think about it, Grandpa.
Eh, I did. It's dumb.
It's interesting.
[ Chuckles ]
No, it's not.
[ Laughs ]
Where's the hand?
What hand?
In the puppet?
Well,
it's not a real puppet.
It's more like
the idea of one.
[ Clears throat ]
I don't believe that.
I just think
it's really interesting.
Something's wrong.
Ooh...
[ Engine revs ]
Grandpa, wake up.
No, Grandpa,
please wake up.
Grandpa.
[ Tires squealing ]
[ Truck horn honks ]
[ Tires squeal ]
♪♪
Are you okay?
Excuse me?
My family came in --
Hey, Jo. Jo, hey.
Hey.
Gosh, hi, hi, hi.
Hi. Hi.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay.
Everyone's fine.
No one's hurt.
Okay.
What happened?
Grandpa was driving.
And then he fell asleep.
He fell asleep?
Yeah.
Looks like he passed out.
They're
checking him out now.
And this truck was just
coming straight at us,
and -- but...
But what?
But...
then it didn't hit us,
and...
that's what happened.
Okay.
And then an ambulance came
and we rode in it.
And Abby gave us Jell-O.
Oh, okay.
Well, that sounds like a scary,
but then sort of fun day.
You guys go finish
your Jell-O, okay?
I'm gonna check on Grandpa
and then we can --
we can go home.
Hey.
Um...I think it was
a blood-pressure thing.
Mm-hmm.
But there's more
to the story.
What does that mean?
You know what?
You should --
You should go talk
to your dad.
Hey.
Oh, Jo. Honey, I am sorry.
I'm so sorry.
When I think
about those kids
and what
might've happened, I --
Dad, don't, okay?
Everybody's fine.
What are you doing?
What did they say?
Ah, cut loose.
Already?
Yeah.
You passed out.
Do they know why?
Yeah.
Got a pretty good idea.
I'm gonna talk
to a doctor.
No, honey, there's no reason
to talk to a doctor.
Eh...look, I messed up.
I-I should have told you.
I'm sorry I didn't.
Told me...?
Cancer's back.
What?
Worse than before.
♪♪
I'm sorry
I didn't say anything.
Dad...
I think the reason is...
I-I just wanted to think about
what it is I wanted to do.
What do you mean?
♪♪
We did this before.
We can do it again.
[ Inhales sharply ]
Yeah.
Not this time, honey.
♪♪
Okay, wait a second.
Just...
I mean, you don't
have to decide right now.
I know.
But I have.
Dad...
It's okay.
[ Grunts ]
Mr. Sawyer?
Yeah.
Got your
discharge papers here.
Okay.
♪♪
[ Inhales, exhales shakily ]
[ Indistinct talking over P.A. ]
[ Vending machine whirs ]
[ Vending machine door clanks ]
[ Rustling ]
[ Knocking on door in distance ]
♪♪
[ Knocking continues ]
[ Door knocker clangs ]
Are you enjoying
the museum?
I don't know.
I wanted us to have somewhere
where we could talk,
just the two of us.
Get to know each other.
And now that
you've found this place,
we can talk
whenever I'd like.
Is that okay?
Do you see this painting?
That's the first time
that that particular
shade of blue
was ever used in art.
Ever.
Now you see that blue everywhere
and we take it for granted,
but imagine what it was like
to be alive
when that was
first unveiled.
♪♪
Breathtaking.
It changed the world.
That's who you are.
A new color.
♪♪
Who are you?
[ Inhales sharply ]
Someone who would really
like to see you.
Why don't I remember you
when I go back?
This is just for us.
I'll see you soon.
♪♪
[ Indistinct talking over P.A. ]
I have to ask you
a question,
and you have
to tell the truth.
♪♪
Do you have
superpowers?
♪♪